README.md, before:

![eminus logo](https://gitlab.com/wangenau/eminus/-/raw/main/docs/logo/eminus_logo.png)

# eminus
[![language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Python3-green)](https://www.python.org)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-APACHE2-lightgrey)](https://gitlab.com/wangenau/eminus/-/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/431079841.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/431079841)

The eminus package is a plane wave density functional theory (DFT) code.
It is built upon the [DFT++](https://arxiv.org/abs/cond-mat/9909130) pragmas, that aim to let programming languages and theory coincide.
The goal is to create a simple code that is easy to read and easy to extend while using minimal dependencies.

## Documentation

To learn more about the implementation, take a look inside the [documentation](https://wangenau.gitlab.io/eminus).

## Installation

The package and all necessary dependencies can be installed using pip

```terminal
pip install eminus
```

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License - see the [LICENSE](https://gitlab.com/wangenau/eminus/-/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add more informations about the installation process

README.md, after:

![eminus logo](https://gitlab.com/wangenau/eminus/-/raw/main/docs/logo/eminus_logo.png)

# eminus
[![language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Python3-green)](https://www.python.org)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-APACHE2-lightgrey)](https://gitlab.com/wangenau/eminus/-/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/431079841.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/431079841)

The eminus package is a plane wave density functional theory (DFT) code.
It is built upon the [DFT++](https://arxiv.org/abs/cond-mat/9909130) pragmas, that aim to let programming languages and theory coincide.
The goal is to create a simple code that is easy to read and easy to extend while using minimal dependencies.

## Documentation

To learn more about the implementation and usage of eminus, take a look inside the [documentation](https://wangenau.gitlab.io/eminus).

## Installation

The package and all necessary dependencies can be installed using pip

```terminal
pip install eminus
```

More information about the installation process can be found [here](https://wangenau.gitlab.io/eminus/installation.html).

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License - see the [LICENSE](https://gitlab.com/wangenau/eminus/-/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.
