docs/installation.rst, before:

..
   SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 The eminus developers
   SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

.. _installation:

Installation
************

| The code is written for Python 3.7+.
| The following packages are needed for a minimum working installation

* `NumPy <https://numpy.org>`_
* `SciPy <https://scipy.org>`_

| All packages used have `OSI-approved <https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical>`_ licenses and are publicly visible.
| The code is tested to run under Ubuntu, Debian, macOS, Windows, and NixOS.

Installation with pip
=====================

The `package <https://pypi.org/project/eminus>`_ and all necessary dependencies can be installed with

.. code-block:: console

   pip install eminus

Alternatively, you can create an installation by downloading the source code

.. code-block:: console

   git clone https://gitlab.com/wangenau/eminus.git
   cd eminus
   pip install .

To also install all optional dependencies to use built-in extras, use either

.. code-block:: console

   pip install eminus[all]

or for an installation after downloading the source code, use

.. code-block:: console

   pip install .[all]

To install only selected extras, follow the instructions given in :mod:`~eminus.extras`.

Docker image
============

To use a containerized version of the code, a `Docker container <https://hub.docker.com/r/wangenau/eminus>`_ has been created with all extras installed.
The following command starts the container and a Jupyter notebook server

.. code-block:: console

    docker run -it -p 8888:8888 wangenau/eminus:version

Opening the displayed URL in a browser will open the Jupyter environment.
Make sure to replace :code:`version` with the version you want to use.

You can also pass command line arguments to the container, e.g., to start a Python environment

.. code-block:: console

    docker run -it wangenau/eminus:version python

Nix usage
=========

To use the package under `Nix <https://nixos.org/>`_ one can easily create a development shell with all dependencies and (almost) all extras available. To do so, run the following commands on your Nix machine

.. code-block:: console

   git clone https://gitlab.com/wangenau/eminus.git
   cd eminus
   nix develop

Commit message:

Add a venv note to installation, fix debian image

docs/installation.rst, after:

..
   SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 The eminus developers
   SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

.. _installation:

Installation
************

| The code is written for Python 3.7+.
| The following packages are needed for a minimum working installation

* `NumPy <https://numpy.org>`_
* `SciPy <https://scipy.org>`_

| All packages used have `OSI-approved <https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical>`_ licenses and are publicly visible.
| The code is tested to run under Ubuntu, Debian, macOS, Windows, and NixOS.

Installation with pip
=====================

The `package <https://pypi.org/project/eminus>`_ and all necessary dependencies can be installed with

.. code-block:: console

   pip install eminus

Depending on your operating system you may have to create a virtual environment.
This can be done, e.g., with

.. code-block:: console

   python3 -m venv .venv
   source .venv/bin/activate
   python3 -m pip install eminus

Alternatively, you can create an installation by downloading the source code

.. code-block:: console

   git clone https://gitlab.com/wangenau/eminus.git
   cd eminus
   pip install .

To also install all optional dependencies to use built-in extras, use either

.. code-block:: console

   pip install eminus[all]

or for an installation after downloading the source code, use

.. code-block:: console

   pip install .[all]

To install only selected extras, follow the instructions given in :mod:`~eminus.extras`.

Docker image
============

To use a containerized version of the code, a `Docker container <https://hub.docker.com/r/wangenau/eminus>`_ has been created with all extras installed.
The following command starts the container and a Jupyter notebook server

.. code-block:: console

    docker run -it -p 8888:8888 wangenau/eminus:version

Opening the displayed URL in a browser will open the Jupyter environment.
Make sure to replace :code:`version` with the version you want to use.

You can also pass command line arguments to the container, e.g., to start a Python environment

.. code-block:: console

    docker run -it wangenau/eminus:version python

Nix usage
=========

To use the package under `Nix <https://nixos.org/>`_ one can easily create a development shell with all dependencies and (almost) all extras available. To do so, run the following commands on your Nix machine

.. code-block:: console

   git clone https://gitlab.com/wangenau/eminus.git
   cd eminus
   nix develop
